WEP0, a proposal for the WEP process (#1)
writethedocs/weps: wep-template.rst

.. Template instructions:

.. 0 Copy this file and rename it according to WEP filename convention: [WEP####-short-descriptive-name.rst]
.. 1. Replace all values in square brackets [] with actual values.
.. 2. Remove optional fields that you do not need. 
.. 3. Follow reStructured Text markup conventions: http://docutils.sourceforge.net/rst.html
.. 4. Remove these instructions before submitting the PR.
.. 5. Submit the WEP as a PR and make sure it follows the guidelines of WEP0000: [URL]

.. For questions and help in creating the WEP, email support@writethedocs.org

:WEP-Number: [####]
:Created: [YYYY-MM-DD]
:Last-Modified: [YYYY-MM-DD]
:Author:  - [FULL NAME 1]
          - [FULL NAME 2]
          - ...
          - ...
:Status: Draft 
:Replaces: [OPTIONAL]
:Superceded-By: [OPTIONAL]

WEP[####] - [Short but descriptive title]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Abstract
========

> [Short summary of the WEP purpose. 1-2 paragraphs maximum. This is the TL;DR.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Short summary of the WEP purpose. 100 words maximum. This is the TL;DR.]
```

I'm suggesting something more concrete numbers here. It doesn't have to be these numbers specifically but I think having concrete length requirements is a kindness to authors and editors—or, in this case, the community.

Reviewer 2: Works for me.

Motivation
==========

> [Background information explaining why the existing processes or solutions need to change. 2-3 paragraphs maximum.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Background information explaining why the existing processes or solutions need to change. 500 words maximum.]
```
